[CUBRIDMAN-143] Add manual for ;Connect session command. (#378)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/csql.rst

    SINGLE IS OFF
    csql> ;singleline
    SINGLE IS OFF

> **Connecting new csql session(;Connect)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Switching csql session(;Connect)**
```

This is a session command to switch the connection to another user without terminating CSQL. The command format is as follows.

* user: Username to connect
* database: Database name to connect (if omitted, currently connected database)

> * host: Hostname to connect to (if omitted, localhost)::

Reviewer 2: Need to fix the clone behind localhost

Author: Thank you. I applied it.

     csql> ;connect public
     csql> ;connect dba

     csql> ;connect public testdb
     csql> ;connect dba demodb

     csql> ;connect Peter testdb@192.168.0.1
     csql> ;connect public demodb@localhost

.. warning::

>      #. When ';connect' session command executes, the current CSQL session connection is disconnect regardless of whether the new session connection succeeds or not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     #. When ';connect' session command executes, the current CSQL session connection is disconnect regardless of session transition success or not.
```
